It's nothing, maybe it's getting dark,
I didn’t see your shadow just now,
Scared to death.
You must have seen it wrong. How come I don’t have a shadow?
Okay, my sixth brother is still waiting for us in front.
Let's go.
Grandpa, why did you come so fast?
I can't even see you.
I have walked this road countless times,
It's certainly different from your first time here.
Come on.
Grandpa, I know it’s so dark on the road,
I took Lazhi with me. grandfather,
Why does this official look like he is angry?
I'll make plans
Tried until it got better
Where are the people here?
Du Luxu left
Strange that it has not been discussed before
There's nothing strange about waste, let's go in, wait, Lu, don't go in, come back quickly